`docs`: update release documentation to use push-tag (#4486)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: docs/release.md

> 1. Create a branch named release/<release-series> (e.g. release/v0.4.x) in Core from the changelog update commit and push to origin (not your fork). Wait for the release branch builds to pass successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a branch named release/<release-series> (e.g. release/v0.4.x) in Contrib from the changelog update commit and push it upstream (not your fork). Wait for the release branch builds to pass successfully.
```
